src: add `--run-from` runtime flag (#57523)
nodejs/node: doc/api/cli.md

* `NODE_RUN_PACKAGE_JSON_PATH`: The path to the `package.json` that is being
  processed.

### `--run-dir=<dir>`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> Stability: 1.0 - Early development

```

And should we add `experimental` to the flag name?

Author: I saw that we added to the others

* `NODE_RUN_PACKAGE_JSON_PATH`: The path to the `package.json` that is being
  processed.

### `--run-dir=<dir>`

> > Stability: 1.0 - Early development
> > Run a package.json script in a specific working directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1.0 - Early development

Run a package.json script in a specific working directory.
```

Author: thanks

For example:

> ```console
> $ node --run-dir=/path/to/dir --run test

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```bash
node --run-dir=/path/to/dir --run test
````

* `NODE_RUN_PACKAGE_JSON_PATH`: The path to the `package.json` that is being
  processed.

### `--run-from=<path>`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1.0 - Early development

Run a `package.json` script from a specified path to a `package.json` file
or path to the containing folder of a `package.json` file.

> 

Reviewer: Sorry I think you accepted the suggestion while I was still editing.

```suggestion

The script is run from the current working directory, not from the
`package.json` containing folder.

```

> ### `--run-from=<dir>`
> 
> <!-- YAML
> added: REPLACEME
> -->
> 
> > Stability: 1.0 - Early development
> 
> Run a script defined in the package.json located in the specified directory.
> 
> For example:
> 
> ```bash
> node --run-from=/path/to/dir --run test
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `--run-from=<path>`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1.0 - Early development

Run a `package.json` script from a specified path to a `package.json` file
or path to the containing folder of a `package.json` file.

```bash
node --run-from=/app/package.json --run test
# Or
node --run-from=/app/ --run test
```
```

Author: thanks

> node --run-from=/app/ --run test

Reviewer: I can't add this as a suggestion, but this needs a closing triple backtick.

* `NODE_RUN_PACKAGE_JSON_PATH`: The path to the `package.json` that is being
  processed.

> ### `--run-in=<dir>`

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure about this, but:

```suggestion
### `--run-in-directory=<dir>`
```

Reviewer 3: If you accept this change, you need to also change the implementation.

Reviewer 2: I think I prefer `--run-in`, it's shorter and hopefully should be self explanatory enough when associated to a path

Reviewer 4: Just throwing these ideas out there (feel free to ignore) based on other existing APIs and CLI flags already in Node: `--run-cwd`, `--run-dir`

Author: I updated it to ```--run-dir```

> Run a package.json script in a custom working directory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Run a package.json script in a specific working directory.
```
